This guy's just
shooting up...
Sorry. Sorry.
(ELECTRONIC BARKING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
What... Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
What the fuck just happened?
Please! Please!
Please drive faster.
Please be quiet.
Please drive...
Please drive faster.
Please... Please understand
that I care about my life!
I don't know what the fuck
you did to piss this guy off,
but you're gonna
have to let me out
and call the cops!
Hey! Hey!
(SIREN WAILING)
What are you doing?
Oh, shit! Are you crazy?
Oh, shit!
I think we lost him.
Could you let me out
at the next corner, please?
Shit!
Fuck!
Oh, shit!
He's right there!
Look, I'm an accountant.
I'm just an accountant.
Oh, fuck!
He's fucking persistent,
you know.
Fuck!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
You kick his ass!